[Rules] Create examples gallery (#14796)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/rules/normalization/how-it-works.md

The location where URL normalization will occur depends on the [configured settings](/rules/normalization/settings/).

> For examples of the different settings and their impact on request URLs, refer to the [Rules examples gallery](/rules/examples/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For examples of the different settings and their impact on request URLs, refer to the [URL normalization examples](/rules/normalization/examples/).
```
